anger	harass
anger	offend
anger	irk
anger	frustrate
anger_1	be irate that
anger_1	outrage
anger_1	inflame
anger_1	infuriate
anger_1	be incense that
anger_1	enrage
anger_2	scorn
anger_2	torment
anger_2	be angry at
anger_2	vex
anger_2	be angry that
anger_2	be angry with
anger_2	afflict
anger_2	insult
anger_2	aggravate
anger_2	be angry about
anger_2	fret about
anger_2	rankle
anger_2	provoke
anger_3	bother
anger_3	irritate
anger_3	grate
anger_3	annoy
anger_3	sting
anger_3	disturb
anticipation	yearn for
anticipation	predict that
anticipation	ache for
anticipation	be intent on
anticipation	intrigue
anticipation_2	aspire
anticipation_2	be hopeful that
anticipation_2	expect
anticipation_2	anticipate
anticipation_2	covet
anticipation_2	aspire to
anticipation_2	crave
anticipation_2	foresee
anticipation_2	hunger for
anticipation_2	predict
anticipation_2	prepare for
anticipation_2	long for
anticipation_2	await
anticipation_2	forecast that
anticipation_2	hope for
anticipation_2	expect that
anticipation_2	be eager for
anticipation_2	look forward to
anticipation_2	forecast
anticipation_3	be curious about
disgust	horrify
disgust	shun
disgust_1	abhor
disgust_1	loathe
disgust_1	despise
disgust_1	hate
disgust_1	deplore
disgust_1	disdain
disgust_2	dislike
disgust_2	shame
disgust_2	be ashamed of
disgust_2	alienate
disgust_2	repel
disgust_2	disgust
fear	be afraid of
fear	unnerve
fear	rattle
fear	dread
fear_1	terrify
fear_1	be terrify that
fear_2	be frightened that
fear_2	be scared that
fear_2	fear that
fear_2	frighten
fear_2	fear
fear_2	intimidate
fear_2	spook
fear_2	be scared of
fear_2	scare
fear_2	be afraid that
fear_3	concern
fear_3	be anxious that
fear_3	be anxious about
fear_3	be apprehensive about
fear_3	worry
fear_3	be nervous about
joy	be enthusiastic about
joy	comfort
joy	fulfill
joy	desire
joy_1	thrill
joy_1	be elate that
joy_1	rejoice
joy_1	be ecstatic that
joy_1	be thrill that
joy_1	relish
joy_2	entertain
joy_2	excite
joy_2	enjoy that
joy_2	impress
joy_2	satisfy
joy_2	delight
joy_2	be mad about
joy_2	take pleasure in
joy_2	enjoy
joy_2	arouse
joy_2	be happy about
joy_2	please
joy_2	be lucky that
joy_2	cheer
joy_2	soothe
joy_2	captivate
joy_2	be proud of
joy_2	be satisfy that
joy_2	amuse
joy_2	savor
joy_3	calm
sadness	devastate
sadness	agonize over
sadness	regret that
sadness	pine for
sadness	worry about
sadness	be sad that
sadness	depress
sadness	regret
sadness_1	mourn that
sadness_1	grieve that
sadness_1	mourn
sadness_2	be unhappy that
sadness_2	upset
sadness_2	displease
sadness_2	be disappoint that
sadness_2	be unhappy about
sadness_2	be sadden that
sadness_2	disappoint
surprise	boggle
surprise	baffle
surprise	puzzle
surprise_1	be stun that
surprise_1	confound
surprise_1	stagger
surprise_1	stun
surprise_1	amaze
surprise_1	be bewilder that
surprise_1	be amaze that
surprise_1	wow
surprise_1	shock
surprise_2	surprise
surprise_2	startle
surprise_2	be flabbergast that
surprise_2	confuse
trust	charm
trust	be reassure that
trust_1	rely on
trust_2	trust
trust_2	take comfort in
trust_2	count on
trust_2	trust that
trust_2	reassure
